Add Pipecat Evals framework documentation (#889)
pipecat-ai/docs: pipecat/evals/overview.mdx

## What you can test

- **Response content**: substring checks (`text_contains`) or semantic judging (`eval`) of the agent's replies.
- **Multi-turn context**: verify the agent remembers earlier turns.
- **Function calling**: assert that specific tools were called, with specific arguments.
- **Interruptions**: barge in mid-response and verify the agent recovers (`send_after`).
- **Latency**: per-event budgets with `within_ms`.
- **Vision**: serve an image when the agent requests one and judge its description.

## YAML or Python

Scenarios are YAML files, so they're easy to write, review, and share. Everything is also available as a library: load and run scenarios programmatically, build them in code, inject a custom judge, or orchestrate whole suites from your own tooling. See [Using the Library](/pipecat/evals/library).

## Requirements

> - **Pipecat CLI**: the `pipecat eval` commands ship with the CLI extra: `pip install "pipecat-ai[cli]"`. The same commands are available as `python -m pipecat.evals`.

Reviewer: Update to `uv tool install "pipecat-ai[cli]"`
```suggestion
- **Pipecat CLI**: the `pipecat eval` commands ship with the CLI extra: `uv tool install "pipecat-ai[cli]"`. The same commands are available as `python -m pipecat.evals`.
```

Author: Done

- **A judge LLM** (for `eval:` assertions): Ollama by default (`ollama pull gemma2:9b`), or point the scenario's `judge:` block at OpenAI or any OpenAI-compatible endpoint.

> - **Audio services** (audio mode only): the harness needs a TTS to synthesize the user's voice and an STT to transcribe the agent's speech. Both can be local models or HTTP-based services; the defaults are local (Kokoro and Moonshine or Whisper, installed with `pip install "pipecat-ai[kokoro,moonshine]"` or `pip install "pipecat-ai[kokoro,whisper]"`), which download once on first use and run with no keys and no per-run cost. WebSocket-streaming services aren't supported here, which keeps the harness simple.

Reviewer: Let's use on `uv` commands:

```suggestion
- **Audio services** (audio mode only): the harness needs a TTS to synthesize the user's voice and an STT to transcribe the agent's speech. Both can be local models or HTTP-based services; the defaults are local (Kokoro and Moonshine or Whisper, installed with `uv add "pipecat-ai[kokoro,moonshine]"` or `uv add "pipecat-ai[kokoro,whisper]"`), which download once on first use and run with no keys and no per-run cost. WebSocket-streaming services aren't supported here, which keeps the harness simple.
```

Author: Done
